Job Description:
Are you looking for a new challenge in a service-oriented company and in a varied job?
Are you interested in real estate and love interiors?
Then we look forward to receiving your application!
For our agency in Ulm, we are looking for a full-time commercial employee (m/f/d) to start as soon as possible.
You make people happy every day with their packages and you are on the road with our modern vehicles and technologies.
Every delivery comes safely to the customer thanks to you, with a smile!
full-time and for an unlimited period at the earliest possible date
The Bavarian State Painting Collections are located in the heart of the Bavarian state capital in the middle of the art area. With more than 30,000 objects from the Free State’s painting and art collection to be looked after, the Bavarian State Painting Collections with their five Munich houses (particularly the Pinakotheken) and the State Galleries at a number of other locations in Bavaria are among the most important in Europe.
We founded KIKE Dach GmbH in 2005.
We are a small family business and look forward to strengthening our team with you.
Located in an idyllic suburb in the south of Munich, we carry out small to medium-sized roofing jobs in a beautiful atmosphere.
With high quality, exemplary customer service and professional advice, we have already convinced many customers.
If not now then when?! Would you like to change your career?!
Our customer in Kiel, from the mechanical and plant engineering sector, is looking for a full-time car mechatronics technician m/f/d as part of temporary employment. The place of work is in Kiel.
If everything fits, you will be taken on promptly!
Good reasons for Piening:
Piening Personal is a family business specializing in temporary employment, personnel placement and outsourcing. As an employer for around 7,000 employees throughout Germany, we focus on people. Despite the size of a corporation, our flat hierarchies offer the feeling of "I'm at home here".
Regardless of whether you are looking for a job in the short, medium or long term, we can offer you an individual ""solution with strategy"".
Take your chance and become part of our team.
Grab your chance!!! A well-known company based in Öhringen is currently looking for
If we have aroused your interest, we look forward to receiving your application.
My name is Thomas Wellmann and I am the owner of the brokerage office ""your insurance man"". Since our foundation in September 2019, we have been growing steadily and this year we took over the first portfolio of brokers.
In order to provide our customers with comprehensive advice and support, we absolutely need support in the entire area of property insurance.
Job Description:
Az.: 15-0305.3-401 Stuttgart, February 20th, 2023
A successful family business operating throughout Germany with a long tradition, your area of operation is limited to the catchment area of  Cottbus branch (max. 1 hour travel time to the order office)
Fair and punctual payment according to the collective agreement
A permanent employment contract
A good compatibility of family and work, you spend your free time at home - no assembly work
State-of-the-art cleaning material and professional work clothing
hey work in cleaning and take care of the environmentally friendly waste disposal and refill used materials
As an employee (m/f/d) in building cleaning, you will clean floors and furnishings according to a specified cleaning plan
They work in cleaning and carry out activities such as office, sanitary and hallway cleaning
monique.doss@akzent-personal.de
www.akzent-personal.de
Department(s): Gastro / Hotel
Collective agreement: BAP/DGB
Interested?
Apply now
Your contact person
JobImpulse Süd GmbH Nürtingen
Alicia Roesslein
Brunnsteige 12
72622 Nuertingen
Telephone: +49 7022 7198080
Mail: job.nuertingen@job-impulse.com
Links: http://www.klinik-donaustauf.de
http://www.deutsche-rentenversicherung-bayern-sued.de
Additional information:
- Long-term career prospects in an international environment | Intensive induction and opportunities for further development
company profile
- One application - numerous possibilities|Fast application process
company profile
company profile
Our client manufactures components in small series for chemical plant construction. I look forward to your application!
We look forward to meet you!!! Please send your meaningful documents, quoting the reference number YF16388438, to:
Paper Puschmann GmbH&Co.KG
Wildunger Str. 2-4
70372 Stuttgart
07161/9 20 24 12
Catherine Winter
info@schreibfant.de
www.schreibfant.de+
Your contact person is Margit Krüger.
TECH MASTERS Germany GmbH
Hohenbuckstrasse 8
90425 Nuremberg
Phone : +49 (0)911.9551790-40
Apply NOW and you'll have a job in no time!
You can reach our team in Öhringen from
Monday - Friday from 08.00 - 12.00 and from 13.00 - 17.00.
Telephone: 07941 / 9189-0
Fax: 07941 / 9189-25
Email: oehringen@psstrategie.de
We look forward to you!
Apply NOW and get a new job in no time!
You can reach our team in Öhringen from Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Telephone: 07941 / 9189-0
Fax: 07941 / 9189-25
Email: oehringen@psstrategie.de
Could we arouse your interest?
A phone call or e-mail is enough, we will support you on the way to your new job!
You can reach our team in Öhringen from Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Telephone: 07941 / 9189-0
Fax: 07941 / 9189-25
Email: oehringen@psstrategie.de
We look forward to you!
Best Employer
We are among the 35 best employers in Germany (evaluation by zeit.dein cooperation with kununu.com)
As a specialist for industrial, commercial and technical assistants, specialists and executives, we orientate ourselves on what has proven itself in the field of job search.
Sounds good? Then apply now!
Welcome to Reinbek Castle
""A gem on the Hamburg city limits!""
Bringezu`s - Café ▪ Restaurant ▪ Events
""Let's not beat around the bush"" Apply now
""DO WHAT YOU WANT!""
in Coburg
12.50 - 14.00 euros per hour
Start with us a career for your future.
Please send us your application - including your CV and certificates - preferably via our online application platform or by email to Mauerstetten@kmsgroup.de
Apply now(https://kmzeitarbeit3.hr4you.org/job/apply/8533?page_langde)
Team Mauerstetten
Kirchangerweg 2
87665 Mauerstetten
49 8341 715 0243
Mauerstetten@kmsgroup.de
Requirements for Applicant:Requirements for Applicant:
Requirements for Applicant:
Please note that with your application you agree to the data protection regulations at www.treubuch-steuerberater.de/kontakt/datenschutz.
By submitting the application documents
Your tasks
Your skills:
